Hey, good morning everybody again. I'm going to
do another video here; I'm
doing them back to back. This is
something the Lord brought to my
attention yesterday in my prayer time. He
told me that in the summer
of 2022—I
believe it was about this time
last year, well, a little bit
before because it was probably
around April or so—he came to me
when I was praying and said, 'Brandon,
there's going to be a massive increase in the
near future coming up. Oil is going to go
to $200 a barrel.'He
said the Prince of Saudi
Arabia is going to go against the United
States, and
they're going to cause an oil shortage.
They're going to go with
Russia and
China in this, and it's
like a secret mission against the United
States. But I saw
the price of gas go to almost seven
dollars a gallon again. I saw things like the
price of commodities rising
because they're trying to control
inflation.
This is all part of the
global economic
reset;
it's part of the digital platform
they're doing—creating
new digital currencies and
weakening the dollar.
I don't know how all
this happens; I'm just saying these are
the parts that I see. The Lord
told me that, like I said, oil would go to
$200 a barrel and gas was going to go very,
very high, so
I just wanted to warn you about some
of this stuff. Number two: this was three
or four weeks ago, I believe. I was
praying and the Lord showed me, 'I
need you to pray for Italy.'I
said, 'What's going on with
Italy, Lord?'and he showed me—I
had an open-eye vision again—that
there's a massive
volcano that's about to happen. I saw
a coastline on the water,
and there's a massive volcano there.
He told me this is going to
happen, and he said there will be signs
right before there's a massive explosion.
I saw it explode huge,
and he kept having me pray over the
ocean. There's something about
the water around Italy that is
very dangerous; there's
like a volcano in that water, and this is
going to shoot off and
cause major devastation. It's
going to be very serious. I've
been praying for the people of Italy to
wake up. If they are Christian—or if they're not—pray
that they are where they're supposed
to be so that they will leave when this
thing goes off. There's a huge town
or city
on the edge of the water where I saw
this volcano go off. There will be
signs, maybe even on the news in Italy,
about some rumblings around that area—some
earthquakes
or tremors—to pre-warn that something
big is going to happen. Do not ignore
this. It is very
serious; what I saw is very serious.
If you have little tremors, if you
start having a lot of tremors, and you
start seeing smoke or there's something
going on,
take heed. Be forewarned;
I'm trying to tell you this is
going to be a major event, an end-time
event. I don't know when it's going to
happen; I wish I did. I'm sorry; I only
see in part and I hear in part, and so it's
just stuff I'm praying over. That's
basically what I had; those are two
little things. I have another
video I'm about to do; it'll be my third
video, but this is the positive
one. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.